Cash Management: Financial services that help you manage cash and transact easily, seamlessly integrated into your workflows. Pay and invoice with a click. Earn yield on deposits*. Onboard, connect your accounts and be up and running in minutes.† 
Forex: Reduce the risk and complexity 
of foreign exchange in deals that involve multiple currencies.
Working Capital: Access unique, purpose-built financing options that provide liquidity for growth without giving up equity or taking on traditional debt. Prequalify your pipeline so you can pursue bigger deals with confidence. 

Growing Companies Go Faster with KLEAR
KLEAR helps you reduce the risks and challenges that come with winning big contracts and selling more to your best customers. It gives your company a single online place to collaborate with your team and your network of suppliers and customers to plan, sell and execute more easily, predictably and profitably. You’ll also multiply the power of your network instantly by adding KLEAR’s curated global network of sellers, buyers and service providers to your own. KLEAR is simple to use, saves your team time, effort and money and compliments and streamlines systems you already use.
KLEAR users get business intelligence, access to partners and services, preferred pricing, processes, control and capital solutions usually only available to large enterprises. With these advantages you can focus on selling and innovating to grow, and KLEAR will scale with you.
klearbusiness.com
Sales Opportunities: Find match-made sales opportunities with quality buyers in the KLEAR network, show interest and bid with a click.
Control Tower: A secure, accessible digital workspace for your team to use to manage sales and execution workflows (operational and financial) customer by customer, project by project, from a single, coordinated point of view. Everything is digitized for easy integration with existing systems (eg. CRM, accounting software, customer ERPs) and notifications can be customized to keep the right people up to date.

Invited businesses can create an account on Klear and build out their profile in minutes at no cost, unlocking many features, including:
†KLEAR Inc. is neither a bank nor a money transmitter. *Yields on account balances are subject to change based on market rates. KLEAR Inc. partners with Stripe Payments Company for money transmission and account services with funds held at Fifth Third Bank,, Member FDIC. © KLEAR Inc. Klear® is a registered trademark of KLEAR Inc. All Rights Reserved 2025.

KLEAR made Clear
Let’s start at the top. 

Most of our very best customers sell STUFF. This is an important distinction because some sell stuff wrapped in a service and some sell tech that’s unlocked by some hardware, but most of them (not all) sell at least one thing that you can hold in your hands.

The sale of that stuff happens through an order that is booked as a sale, and then a whole bunch of other things happen between their customer placing the order and when they eventually collect the money from that customer. All that time is called days-sales-outstanding. We all want that to be as short as possible without jeopardizing sales growth. We help you do that.

Some of the “other stuff” that needs to happen to fill the customer order is the procurement of components, finished products or other inputs to assemble/commission/deliver the system/solution/product that the customer ordered. You need to order these components and then pay your suppliers according to the commercial terms you have agreed to with them. The amount of time between you placing the order with a supplier and paying that supplier is called your days-payable-outstanding. We want that to be as long as possible without jeopardizing the supplier’s health, their commitment to deliver or the relationship in general. We help you do that too.

Sometimes it is best if you make some of the components, acquire some of the parts or build some of the pieces in advance and carry them as inventory. The inventory can be at your shop or factory (at rest) or can be on the way to the customer (in motion) and can either be owned by you (vendor owned inventory) or owned by your customer (customer owned inventory). This is called days-inventory-outstanding. Generally, we want this to be as short as possible but optimized to allow us to fill the order and make the customer happy.  We also help here.
So exactly how will Klear make my company stronger and help us grow faster?

Klear is a financial technology that helps growing companies digitize and optimize their cash-conversion-cycles while they scale their sales, teams and processes to meet the demands of their largest and most important enterprise customers. Now let’s get clear on Klear.

Experienced CFOs and finance teams have a language all their own but some of our very best customers aren’t finance people; they’re builders, inventors, and engineers who have built something so unique and incredible that Fortune 1000 leaders in their industries want as much of that product as they can produce. Keeping up with this demand was nearly killing them until they found Klear. 

They didn’t make us learn how to talk about autonomous systems, landing on the moon, lithium battery chemistry or the intersection of biotechnology and machine vision, and we did our best not to lose them in the jargon of treasury, CFO or FP&A. We’re going to lay out what you need to know to scale with Klear, whether you’re a formally trained CFO or an astrophysicist who believes that learning finance is a waste of your talents. The good news is, once you learn to use the platform (or more likely your team does) the software does the work for you.



Please contact us to learn more at success@klearbusiness.com
The equation in simple terms is:

Where’s my money? = How long do I own the components or the completed stuff that I sell? 
plus 
How many days is it from the time my customer orders to when they pay? 
minus 
How long can I make my suppliers wait to be paid for the inputs?

Or in finance jargon:

CCC = DIO + DSO - DPO 

CCC	=	Cash Conversion Cycle
DIO	=	Days Inventory Outstanding
DSO	=	Days Sales Outstanding
DPO	=	Days Payable Outstanding
The CCC is a delicate balancing act across the areas of sales, product, operations, procurement, finance and compliance and this orchestration is the sum of dozens of daily decisions by a tiny team, or the coordinated effort of small informal groups or output of formal departments. We’ve built for each of these.

Klear is designed to be the single source of truth, the intelligent feedback loop and the suite of tools and financial products scaling companies need to optimize a dynamic and continuously evolving cash conversion cycle. Scaling into enterprise customer demand is hard enough;  flying the airplane while building it while running out of fuel with a blindfold on? No thank you!

If you’re building technology that turns electrons into 3D data models, animal behavior into medical insights, biomass into fuel, hydrogen into energy or anything similarly challenging, you know that your team is fluent in a language most of us can’t understand and that your technology product does the heavy lifting to translate a complex and specialized process into a clear set of steps that your customers can follow to use your product to succeed. The last thing you need is to learn another language to interface with the critical financial tools your company needs to scale. We’ve done the heavy lifting, we’ve done the translation, the steps are clear. We’re Klear and now we hope that you’re clear too.
The process combines into an equation that describes your cash-conversion-cycle from above.
© KLEAR Inc. Klear® is a registered trademark of KLEAR Inc. All Rights Reserved 2025.
